So let's try to go this logic and it's just one lines of code.
So what I will do is, okay, let's do one thing.
Let's take this example.
Let's say I want to find out the sum of subsets of seven.
Correct.
Or let's add some more subsets, put all the values from 0 to 7.
Right.
And initially, what else is all this?
It's five, one, two and so on.
All seven, all four by one, two.
And all these values, they all have value equal to one.
Eight, so until seven.
So if I'm going to say seven, it actually means that of 101 and two.
Correct, because seven has all three values, all attributes said in it.
But don't get confused in this eight.
So let's go to this.
So initially, let's see all the values.
Okay.
In and let the energy go through it.
And we'll simply say that initially, let's say the values value of all the.
Elements.
Right.
So how many elements and literally values of 1027, all of them contains the value one that means all
these sets that zero represents a one represent or to represent all those over exactly one value.
Right.
And then what I want to do is I want to calculate the most subsets of what all these values from 0 to
7 and what I should get.
We all know if I'm trying to add the sum of subsets of what all the values from 0 to 7 will get, exactly
the total number of subsets that these values contain.
Eight, for example, we saw that's only contained doing two, two and two, two, which is it.
Very so five should contain two into two, which is four.
These are the values that should and in the end predict how many values they have such that, okay,
in short, we can simply say this will also exercise and attainment in our case.
In this case, when we are taking all the values to be equal to one, it is nothing but to raise to
the power number of Edwards.
Right.
Or it can also be equal to.
The number of.
J such an that.
I.e. and g is equal to y is equal to G, correct?
It means the community lines are tight and how many such subsidies are possible.
And we already know how many of them impossible to reach our number of settlements, because that can
come and that can not come.
So let's call it quickly.
So initially I filled all the values with one and it's.
Move.
Bit by bit.
Let's move bit by bit and you know, still and it goes through, it will have only three words.
So let's move over to a little bit or or let's do one other thing.
Let's see.
Let's represent A.B..
Let's end this tribute.
So if any tributes and it's a set of three, that means how many values do I need?
I need one.
Let shift in values to the power and values to represent all these bits.
So let's represent and is the total number of bits instead.
Total number of elements insert.
Cool.
And then what we'll do is what everybody what we'll try to do is we'll try to apply out of the Green's
logic here, which is I think, okay, let's apply this thing in value itself only so that we don't
have to create.
And already we will simply say that value of g equals to value of.
Some subset of the rate such that if I remove this bit from G, it gives me that subset.
Correct.
So how will I take this?
Firstly, we need to check whether the bit is set in the or not.
If the British said didn't do so bird rights if the directive Britain one that means.
This has been said which brought this this --, this this bit.
If they has Edward said, then we'll simply remove it from the.
So let's remove that bit from the anvil, simply adding that this is not this is someone was upset but
already.
I'm always upset for all the values from zero to goodness to the poverty rate and this.
Okay.
So this day will go from.
One lecture often.
But all images, Rick.
Let's print it.
And then we will see the results.
Okay.
So here we can see that this is 101.
To the tree as to which they said it is to restore the power to then for five weeks.
And so it took basically we are just trying to figure out the values.
Let's say we had some different values and it or let's see that.
Value of a.
Value of AI is equal to 88.
That means.
One will have a value of one.
Two will have a value of two.
Three will have a value of three.
Four will have a value for ten.
So until seven corrects.
And it's true that.
So I just use this function called Iota.
If you've not heard about it, then it's a good time to hear about it.
So this IHRA of what does it do?
We pass the initial value to it.
Let's end embossing zero to it.
It will fail the first.
First part or the first index of this value with zero.
Second one will be the obvious one.
Hey, so what if I start with five?
The value of zero will be five.
In this case, value of one will be six, value of two will be seven, and so on eight.
So I'll start with zero.
So net zero, get zero and let's have the sum.
So here you can see that salmon is stranded by because 0 to 7 the total sum is 20.
So basically zero to say when all the values lines inside the set of seven.
Correct.
If it lies inside this set of seven, therefore it will calculate the sum for all the values.
And we know that all of them are right now the value of all is equal to it.
So this is nothing where the value of I equals two.
Similarly, for six, let's figure this out before six.
I can have I can afford values.
Eight.
The six should be one.
Like anyone can be one.
Everyone can be Ford and the auto, it can be zero eight or it is zero plus four plus one plus six.
Correct.
What is this.
X plus four plus one?
0840.
I have actually written the value zero there.
Yep.
Sorry.
This is not sick.
This is fake.
So we have Phi Phi plus one plus four plus zero.
So which is nothing but.
Okay.
Five plus four plus one is ten.
So here you can see we have developed ten for five and for six.
Let's forget about it for six.
Oh, my word.
I was just doing some calculations for six.
Yeah, for six.
We'll have four.
We'll also have six.
We'll also have.
But I will also have.
Six four or let's move that bit.
I'll give you long term zero.
And let's remember that we will have to.
There it is, six plus four plus two, which is correct.
So this is as simple as 58 and this is the only one line from laboratory SDP.
This is a trick.
Basically, this is a short trick and it's very tricky to get this trick.
So let's see you in the next part will be solving problems to us to.